Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's!"
WE DARK SIGNERS HAVE ONLY ONE
WAY OF SAYING "HELLO."
Both: LET'S DUEL!
AH! RALLY!
MISSED YOUR FRIEND?
I'VE FREED HIS SPIRIT
SO HE COULD DUEL YOU
INSTEAD OF ME.
YOU CAN'T!
I WON'T DUEL
MY FRIEND.
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE!
Rally: I KNOW YOU'D RATHER
GET SENT TO THE NETHERWORLD
THAN DUEL ME, YUSEI.
THAT'S WHY I HAVE TO
END THIS DUEL ON MY OWN TERMS.
AAH!
[GROANING]
RALLY!
OH, NO.
YOU CAN BRING US BACK.
I KNOW... YOU WILL.
YOUR PALS ARE WITH US
AND ALL THE OTHERS LOST
FROM THIS TRASH HEAP
YOU CALL A TOWN.
WANNA GET THEM BACK?
WELL, I'M RIGHT HERE,
YUSEI.
[GRUNT]
HA HA HA!
THANKS FOR STOPPING BY!
I WAS AFRAID THAT
YOU WEREN'T GOING
TO GIVE ME
THE OPPORTUNITY TO
SETTLE THE SCORE
AFTER YOU SOLD ME OUT.
I'M NO TRAITOR.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD...
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCAPAC APU!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
END THIS NOW!
OH! OHH.
KALIN, YOUR EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL'S SPECIAL
ABILITIES
ARE POWERLESS
AGAINST MY
MIGHTY DRAGON.
IN FACT, MY DRAGON
CAN ABSORB THEM ALL
AND USE THEM
AGAINST YOU!
END THIS DUEL!
ATTACK!
COME ON.
STAY WITH ME!
I'M NOT GIVING UP
THIS TIME.
THIS TIME,
I'M GONNA SAVE YOU.
Kalin: YOU'RE NOT GONNA
GO AND DO SOMETHING
STUPID
LIKE LOSE TO THE DARK
SIGNERS... ARE YOU?
KALIN!
THEY'RE GONNA PAY
FOR THIS!
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
KALIN'S FLAME HAS
BEEN EXTINGUISHED.
HOW DISAPPOINTING.
[GRUNTING]
THE DARKNESS
INSIDE OF ME IS GROWING,
BUT I CANNOT LET IT OVERCOME ME
JUST YET,
NOT UNTIL I'VE DONE
WHAT I MUST DO.
PROFESSOR FUDO.
IT SEEMS THE THISTLE DOESN'T
FALL FAR FROM THE BRUSH.
DESTINY HAS MADE YOUR
SON A THORN IN MY SIDE.
NO MATTER.
I WILL DEFEAT HIM JUST
AS I DEFEATED YOU.
Leo: YUSEI!
HUH?
THAT WAS AWESOME!
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!
NOW COME ON
UP HERE!
NICE JOB, MAN!
SO, HEY, UH...
IS THAT YOUR DOING?
WHOA!
THAT LIGHT APPEARED
AS SOON AS YOU
WON THE DUEL.
HEY, THIS ISN'T
BEANIE'S POOL HALL.
HOW'D WE GET HERE?
WHO ARE ALL
THESE PEOPLE?
Leo:
CHECK IT OUT, GUYS!
WHO ARE THEY?
WHERE DID THEY COME FROM?
MAYBE IT'S...
OF COURSE!
BY DEFEATING KALIN'S
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
YOU FREED ALL THE PEOPLE
IMPRISONED INSIDE OF IT.
SO THEN, THERE'S HOPE
FOR THE OTHERS, RIGHT?
YEAH.
HA!
GIVE IT UP, BUDDY.
RIGHT HERE.
BUT WE CAN'T TAKE
A VICTORY LAP
JUST YET.
WITH THE GATE TO
THE NETHERWORLD
STILL OPEN,
WE NEED TO GO
AND INACTIVATE
THE LAST TWO
CONTROL UNITS,
AND EVEN THOUGH
KALIN AND DEVACK
ARE OUT OF
THE PICTURE,
THERE'S STILL 3
DARK SIGNERS LEFT.
SOMETHING WRONG?
HUH?
HEY,
WHAT'S WITH TRUDGE?
OH!
EVERYONE, GET BACK!
Crow: GUYS,
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
TRUDGE.
I'M SORRY.
OFFICER TRUDGE
ISN'T HERE RIGHT NOW.
ROMAN.
I SHOULDA KNOWN!
HEH.
I BELIEVE IT'S TIME
THAT YOU AND I FACED
EACH OTHER, YUSEI.
IF YOU THINK
YOU'RE STRONG ENOUGH
TO DEFEAT ME,
COME TO THE SITE
OF THE OLD REACTOR.
WHAT?
HUH?
WHAT? WHAT'S EVERYONE
LOOKING AT? EH?
SO ARE YA
GONNA GO?
YOU KNOW
IT'S A TRAP,
RIGHT?
OF COURSE
IT'S A TRAP,
BUT I'M GONNA
HAVE TO FACE ROMAN
SOONER OR LATER,
AND THE QUICKER
I DEFEAT HIS
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
THE QUICKER
RALLY AND MARTHA
AND ALL THE OTHERS
WILL BE SAFE.
YOU SURE
YOU'RE UP FOR THIS?
I'VE NEVER BEEN
MORE SURE OF ANYTHING!
IT'S TIME TO GO SETTLE THINGS
WITH ROMAN!
Angela: I'M STANDING ON
A ONCE-BUSY STREET
IN DOWNTOWN NEW DOMINO CITY,
WHERE MARTIAL LAW HAS
BEEN DECLARED FOLLOWING
NOT ONLY THE APPEARANCE
OF MYSTERIOUS GEOGLYPHS
IN THE SKY,
BUT THE SUDDEN
DISAPPEARANCE OF HUNDREDS,
PERHAPS THOUSANDS, OF CITIZENS,
AND STILL, OFFICIALS
HAVE YET TO RELEASE ANYTHING
RESEMBLING A STATEMENT...
[CHUCKLE]
THE MEDDLING MASSES
AND THE NOISY MEDIA...
THEY'RE ALWAYS WANTING
TO KNOW THINGS.
IT IS SO ANNOYING.
HAS REX ALREADY LEFT?
INDEED.
HE'S ON HIS WAY.
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
MY ORGANIZATION
HAS PUT ITS ENTIRE TRUST
IN THOSE BROTHERS.
IT'S TIME FOR THEM
TO STOP BUMBLING AROUND
AND TO REALIZE
THEIR DESTINY.
WE'VE BEEN PATIENTLY
WAITING FOR THEM
TO TURN THEIR PAGE
IN THE HISTORY
OF THE WORLD!
CALM DOWN, MY FRIEND.
YOU'VE WAITED 20 YEARS.
WHAT'S A FEW HOURS MORE?
[LAUGHING]
Pilot: DROP ZONE IN SIGHT.
PREPARE FOR TOUCH DOWN.
WHOA!
OHH!
COMMANDER,
THIS IS FAR ENOUGH.
I CAN TAKE THINGS FROM HERE.
ALL DUE RESPECT,
DIRECTOR,
BUT OUR ASSIGNMENT
IS TO PROTECT YOU
AT ALL COSTS,
SO WHEREVER
YOU GO, WE GO...
NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS.
IF YOU WANT US
TO STAND DOWN,
YOU'LL HAVE TO GET
AUTHORIZATION
FROM HEADQUARTERS,
AND THAT MIGHT
TAKE A WHILE.
I UNDERSTAND...
BUT BE WARNED,
COMMANDER,
YOUR WEAPONS WILL BE
OF LITTLE USE
WHERE I'M GOING.
Solider:
SOMEONE'S IN HERE, SIR!
IDENTIFY YOURSELF!
I WAS STARTING
TO THINK
YOU WEREN'T
GOING TO SHOW, REX.
BUT THIS IS
A PRIVATE PARTY.
WHY DID YOU BRING
THESE PITIFUL SPECIMENS
WITH YOU?
THESE "PITIFUL
SPECIMENS"
ARE MY PERSONAL
ESCORT, ROMAN.
I SEE...
WELL, WE HAVE
VERY IMPORTANT
MATTERS TO DISCUSS,
SO UNFORTUNATELY,
YOUR TOY SOLDIERS
WILL HAVE TO GO.
HUH?
LOOK OUT!
UP THERE!
FIRE!
[ALL GROANING]
NOW, THAT'S MORE LIKE IT,
WOULDN'T YOU SAY?
I HAVE TO CONFESS,
I THOUGHT YOU'D FORGOTTEN
THE PROMISE YOU MADE.
I DON'T FORGET
PROMISES,
BIG BROTHER.
I'VE BEEN LIVING
THAT PROMISE,
EVERY DAY.
I'VE DONE EVERYTHING
YOU ASKED ME TO DO.
I'VE STAYED IN CONTACT
WITH ILLIASTER.
I'VE WATCHED THE STARS.
I BROUGHT
THE SIGNERS TOGETHER.
I'M THE REASON WE'RE
STANDING HERE NOW.
BE CAREFUL HOW YOU SPEAK.
LET US NEVER FORGET
THAT WE ARE MERELY PAWNS
IN A GAME BIGGER
THAN WE WILL EVER KNOW.
17 YEARS AGO,
I HAD THE COURAGE
TO OPEN PANDORA'S BOX.
AND THEN, PUTTING
MY FAITH IN DESTINY,
I TRUSTED YOU WITH THE KEY
TO EARTH'S SURVIVAL.
WE MUST HURRY.
THE NETHERWORLD
IS CALLING OUT FOR ME,
MY DEAR BROTHER.
MY TIME HERE
IS FLEETING.
WE MUST DO
EVERYTHING WE CAN
TO BRING
THE GREAT SPIRITS
TOGETHER.
I'VE PLAYED THE PART
THAT DESTINY WANTED ME
TO PLAY.
I HAVE FED
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
I'VE OPENED THE GATE
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
SOON, THE KING OF
THIS NETHERWORLD
WILL EMERGE,
READY TO FIGHT.
BUT YOUR SIGNERS,
YUSEI IN PARTICULAR,
THEY'RE TRYING
TO CLOSE THE GATE.
TO STOP DESTINY.
BUT SO BE IT.
HUH?
IF THAT IS WHAT
ENDS UP HAPPENING,
THEN I SUPPOSE WE MUST
RESPECT FATE'S WILL.
PERHAPS YOU'RE RIGHT,
BUT FOR THE PAST
FEW YEARS,
I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT EVERYTHING
WE'VE BEEN TRYING
TO ACCOMPLISH,
AND I REALIZED
SOMETHING.
THERE'S ANOTHER
POSSIBLE OUTCOME,
ONE WE'VE NEVER
CONSIDERED.
THERE ARE HUNDREDS
OF POSSIBLE OUTCOMES,
LITTLE BROTHER.
I SUPPOSE YOU'RE RIGHT.
THEN LET'S NOT WASTE
ANY MORE TIME,
LET'S FINALLY LEARN
WHAT DESTINY
HAS IN STORE.
LOOK AT THAT!
THE OLD REACTOR
SITE.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
WHAT IT WAS LIKE
WHEN THAT THING BLEW UP
WAY BACK WHEN.
THINK EVERY
DISASTER MOVIE
YOU'VE EVER SEEN,
ROLL IT ALL INTO ONE,
THEN MULTIPLY THAT
TIMES 10.
HERE'S HOPING THAT
NOTHIN' LIKE THAT
HAPPENS TODAY.
MMM...
DON'T BE SCARED,
LUNA.
THERE'S SOMETHING
POWERFUL AND TERRIFYING
DOWN THERE, LEO,
I CAN FEEL IT!
RIGHT, BUT...
I MEAN, UH...
I'LL BE WITH YOU,
SO THAT'S GOOD,
RIGHT?
MMM.
Leo: NO WAY!
IT'S TOO SCARY!
LET THE RECORD SHOW
LEO'S COURAGE LASTED
A WHOLE 2 SECONDS.
WELL, THIS IS IT.
YEAH.
YOU WITH ME?
TILL THE WHEELS
FALL OFF, BUDDY!
HUH?
WHAT DO WE GOT HERE?
THE PUBLIC SECURITY BUREAU?
HUH?
HMM. TIME TO INVESTIGATE.
Roman:
THERE YOU ARE!
HUH!
IS THAT HIM?
STAY BACK!
[GASP]
HA HA HA!
I'M GLAD YOU MADE IT.
I THOUGHT PERHAPS
YOU'D BE TOO TORN UP
OVER WHAT YOU DID
TO YOUR FRIEND.
WHAT I DID!?
KALIN CHOSE
HIS OWN PATH.
I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE
FOR HIM!
IF ANYONE'S TO BLAME
IT'S YOU, ROMAN!
YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE
OF A MESSED-UP KID!
COME, NOW...
NO NEED TO GET WORKED UP.
I WASN'T BLAMING YOU.
WE ALL DID WHAT DESTINY
WANTED US TO DO.
WE'RE JUST PAWNS,
YUSEI, NO ONE'S TO BLAME.
FROM THE BEGINNING,
YOU AND KALIN
WERE MEANT TO
BEFRIEND EACH OTHER
AND TO TURN AGAINST
ONE ANOTHER.
YOU WERE MEANT TO
DESTROY YOUR FRIEND,
JUST AS I WAS MEANT
TO DESTROY YOUR FATHER!
MY FATHER?
[LAUGHING]
AAH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IS ALL THIS LIGHT
COMING FROM THE REACTOR?
WHAT IS THIS?
CAN YOU FEEL IT,
YUSEI?
20 YEARS AGO,
YOUR FATHER AND I
DISCOVERED A GATEWAY
LEADING TO SOMETHING
MORE INCREDIBLE THAN
EITHER OF US COULD IMAGINE.
ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THAT LIGHT
SLEEPS A MAGNIFICENT
POWER, YUSEI.
ONCE THE NETHERWORLD GATE
FULLY OPENS,
THAT POWER WILL SPILL
INTO THIS WORLD
AND CONSUME IT
COMPLETELY.
DO YOU EVEN CARE
ABOUT THE PEOPLE
YOU'VE TAKEN, ROMAN!?
THE PEOPLE THAT
YOU'VE HURT
SO THAT YOUR
EARTHBOUND IMMORTALS
CAN GAIN POWER?
UP TILL NOW,
YOU'VE DONE WHATEVER
YOU WANTED TO DO.
NOT ANYMORE.
I AM GONNA MAKE YOU PAY
FOR ALL THE DAMAGE
THAT YOU'VE DONE!
HMM.
IN THE FACE OF
NEW POSSIBILITY,
IT'S INEVITABLE THAT
SOME CHANGE BE INCURRED.
YOU DON'T GET IT!
THERE ARE INCREDIBLE
FORCES AT PLAY HERE, YUSEI.
WE HUMANS ARE JUST
THE MEANS TO AN END.
WE'RE NOT IMPORTANT.
WE'RE DISPOSABLE COGS
IN A MACHINE.
OUR INDIVIDUAL LIVES
MEAN NOTHING!
LOOK AROUND YOU.
JUST LOOK AT THIS
BEAUTIFUL LIGHT!
THIS LIGHT IS ALIVE!
IT'S PART OF
A CHAIN REACTION THAT
TOOK PROFESSOR FUDO,
AND SOON,
AN EVEN GREATER DESTINY
WILL FIND ME AS WELL!
I'VE GOT BAD NEWS
FOR YOU.
THE CRAZY STOPS
RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT NOW!
I WILL SEND YOU
INTO THIS LIGHT
JUST AS I DID
YOUR FATHER!
COME. FIGHT ME!
Both: BE CAREFUL!
HA!
LET'S DUEL!
THE FIRST MOVE IS MINE.
YOU CAME HERE TO CHALLENGE
THE POWER OF THE SHADOWS.
SO... LET'S FIND OUT
WHO DESTINY FAVORS.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
NO MONSTERS,
NO SPELLS, EITHER?
IT'S MY TURN.
[THINKING]
THAT FACEDOWN CARD
IS OBVIOUSLY A TRAP.
HE'S EITHER
BAITING ME...
OR TRYING TO SCARE ME
OUT OF ATTACKING.
TIME TO FIND OUT
WHICH ONE IT IS.
IN ORDER FOR ME
TO CALL OUT
THIS LASER-TOTING
SHARP SHOOTER,
I FIRST HAVE TO
DISCARD A MONSTER
FROM MY HAND.
SO BY SENDING
LEVEL EATER
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON!
Computer: QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON IS
A MACHINE TYPE TUNER MONSTER
WITH 700 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1,400 DEFENSE POINTS.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
LEVEL EATER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
SO BY LOWERING
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON'S
LEVEL BY 1,
I CAN SUMMON
LEVEL EATER
TO THE FIELD!
NEXT, QUICKDRAW
SYNCHRON CAN TAKE AIM
AND ABSORB THE POWERS
OF ONE TUNER MONSTER.
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
HE'S TARGETING
THE ABILITIES OF...
JUNK SYNCHRON!
SO NOW,
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON
CAN GIVE MY LEVEL EATER
A WELL-DESERVED TUNE-UP!
JUNK WARRIOR,
LET'S REV IT UP!
NOW ATTACK ROMAN
DIRECTLY!
GO, SCRAP FIST!
[GRUNTING]
NICE!
HE DID IT!
HE SCORED THE FIRST
MAJOR ATTACK!
AND BECAUSE OF
THAT ATTACK,
I CAN NOW ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD!
WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING!
SINCE I WAS HIT
WITH DAMAGE
BY SPEED WARRIOR'S
DIRECT ATTACK,
I CAN USE THE POWER OF
MY WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING
TO SUMMON
TWO DARK SPIDERS
TO MY FIELD
FOR THE PRICE OF ONE.
THAT WAS QUITE THE
BARGAIN-BASEMENT
MANEUVER, ROMAN.
HA! THOSE
LITTLE SPIDERS
DON'T HAVE
ANY ATTACK POINTS.
THIS BAD GUY
HAS NO IDEA
WHAT HE'S DOING.
THAT RIGHT THERE?
THAT'S ONE OF YOUR WEAKEST
POINTS, LEO, YOU GET COCKY.
ROMAN IS CLEARLY
PLANNING AHEAD
AND LOOKING TO EXECUTE
A MAJOR MANEUVER.
HUH? OHH.
LUNA'S RIGHT, LEO,
THESE DARK SIGNERS
HAVE A WAY
OF TURNING
THE DUEL AROUND,
NO MATTER HOW
IT'S GOING.
HE BROUGHT THOSE
MONSTERS TO THE FIELD
SO THAT HE CAN
RELEASE 'EM,
WHICH MIGHT MEAN...
I CAN FEEL IT!
WHATEVER HAPPENS
NEXT, YOU TWO,
DON'T LEAVE MY SIDE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU KNOW, YOU REALLY
FREAK ME OUT
WHEN YOU TALK
LIKE THAT.
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE
THE SPIDER WEB FIELD SPELL!
[THINKING]
HERE WE GO.
OHH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU'RE TRAPPED,
TRAPPED LIKE A FLY
CAUGHT IN THE SPIDER'S WEB,
AND NOW I'M RELEASING
BOTH OF MY DARK SPIDERS!
LOOKS LIKE FATE
IS ON MY SIDE, YUSEI.
THIS IS WHERE
YOUR STORY ENDS.
Roman: THIS IS THE END,
YUSEI!
THE POWERS OF DARKNESS
ARE READY TO RISE!
HERE IT COMES!
OHH!
HA HA HA!
I NOW SUMMON
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL URU!
UNH!
HUH?
I HOPE YOUR BUBBLE
PROTECTS US, LUNA!
WHOA!
THANKS TO THE SPIDER WEB
FIELD SPELL,
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL URU
GAINS THE ABILITY
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
GO, MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!
UNLEASH YOUR WEB
OF DESTRUCTION!
ATTACK!
[GASP]
YUSEI!
I ACTIVATE
SYNCHRO BARRIER!
HOW?!
IT WAS SIMPLE, ROMAN.
ALL I NEEDED TO DO
WAS SACRIFICE
MY JUNK WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO
ACTIVATE MY TRAP
AND BLOCK YOUR ATTACK!
[CHUCKLE]
YOU'RE ONLY DELAYING
THE INEVITABLE.
I NOW PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
BUT BEFORE
I END MY TURN,
I'M ACTIVATING
THE DESTINY ACTIVATOR
SPELL CARD!
NOW ALL I NEED DO
IS DRAW THE TOP CARD
FROM MY DECK
AND SEND IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
FROM THIS POINT
FORWARD,
IF WHAT YOU DRAW
IS THE SAME TYPE
AS THIS CARD,
THEN YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE CUT IN HALF!
[GROWL]
AND THE CARD
THAT I HAVE JUST SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IS A MONSTER CARD!
SO MAKE
YOUR NEXT MOVE, YUSEI,
AND HOPE AGAINST HOPE
THAT YOU DO NOT
DRAW A MONSTER
FROM YOUR DECK.
[GRUNT]
HERE GOES.
[CHUCKLE]
IT'S A TRAP CARD.
LOOKS LIKE DESTINY
IS TOYING WITH YOU.
[SIGH]
THAT'S GOOD.
BUT HE CAN'T
RELAX YET.
HE'S GOTTA FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO BEAT THAT
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
OR IT'S OVER.
I SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
[THINKING]
MY WARRIOR'S NEVER
LET ME DOWN BEFORE,
BUT HE'S NO MATCH
FOR THAT EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL RIGHT NOW.
ROMAN'S LIFE POINTS
ARE A COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT STORY.
I ACTIVATE
SPEED WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
ON THE TURN
IT'S SUMMONED,
ITS ATTACK POINTS
GET A POWER BOOST.
NOW!
DO IT, SPEED WARRIOR!
ATTACK ROMAN DIRECTLY!
YEAH! IF THIS ATTACK SUCCEEDS,
THEN WE'RE ALL GOING HOME!
NO ONE'S GOING
ANYWHERE!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
ROAR OF THE EARTHBOUND!
THIS TRAP DESTROYS
YOUR ATTACKING MONSTER,
AND THEN
DISHES OUT DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HALF
YOUR WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS!
AAH!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE, THEN,
SO, HOW MANY MORE
DIRECT ATTACKS
FROM MY EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN AVOID?
GO, URU!
UNLEASH THE POWER
OF THE SHADOWS!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP...
SPIRIT FORCE!
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
I CAN AVOID
TAKING ANY DAMAGE
BY DEFLECTING
YOUR ATTACK,
AND AFTER THAT,
I CAN ADD
A REINFORCEMENT
TO MY HAND
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
ACTUALLY,
YOU WON'T BE DOING
ANY OF THOSE THINGS.
WHAT?
I ACTIVATE
THE EARTHBOUND WAVE
TRAP CARD!
WITH THE POWER
OF EARTHBOUND WAVE,
I CAN NEGATE THE
ACTIVATION AND EFFECT
OF ONE OF
YOUR TRAP CARDS.
OH, NO! AAH!
AAARGH!
[GROANING]
Both: YUSEI!
OH, NO!
STAND UP, KID.
STAND UP AND RETALIATE.
FIGHT BACK SO THAT
I CAN THROW YOU
TO THE SHADOWS
JUST LIKE I DID
YOUR FATHER.
[GRUNTING]
[LAUGHING]